Now, in this last section we will take a look at how
the ownership of smart pointers can be moved into another scope.
Internally smart pointers adhere to the rule of five which we have seen before.
Which means that they implement
both the move constructor and the move assignment operator.
In addition to copy constructor,
copy assignment operator and the destructor and
this means they can be moved around with very little effort.
The internal handle is switched from one pointer to the next and that's basically it,
nothing more which happens there.
This makes it very effective.
With sharp pointers the overhead is little
higher because of the reference counting with test to be done.
But that does not account for much in unless you are programming
a high-performance application sharp pointer that doesn't give you
much overhead and also in this section we will look
at several rules from the C++ guidelines,
and when to pass by value and when to pass by reference,
and lastly we will look at ways to return
smart pointers from functions. So let's go for it.